Update stream-analytics-with-azure-functions.md (#48494)
Azure/azure-content: articles/stream-analytics/stream-analytics-with-azure-functions.md

If a failure occurs while sending events to Azure Functions, Stream Analytics retries most operations. All http exceptions are retried until success with the exception of http error 413 (entity too large). An entity too large error is treated as a data error that is subjected to the [retry or drop policy](stream-analytics-output-error-policy.md).

> Please note that the timeout for http requests from Stream Analytics to Azure Functions is set to 100 s. If your Azure functions app takes more than 100 s to process a given batch, Stream Analytics will error out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the timeout for HTTP requests from Stream Analytics to Azure Functions is set to 100 seconds. If your Azure Functions app takes more than 100 seconds to process a given batch, Stream Analytics will error out.
```
